[HIPIFY][doc][refactor] Update docs to separate Windows and Linux build instructions (#2072)
ROCm-Developer-Tools/HIPIFY: docs/building/building-hipify.rst

Building hipify-clang
**************************************************************************

> Please refer to - :ref:`Linux <linux-instructions>` or :ref:`Windows <windows-instructions>` as appropriate for your platform.

Reviewer: Maybe these should be two separate topics? Building for Linux and Building for Windows?

**************************************************************************
Linux Instructions
**************************************************************************

Building LLVM
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: bash
  
  # Create a root directory for building LLVM, Clang and HIPIFY 
  export ROOT_DIR=$(pwd)
  
  # If you would like to clone LLVM with the full git history, remove the `--depth 1` option.
  git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project.git
  
  mkdir build dist
  cd build

  cmake \
    -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=../dist \
    -DLLVM_TARGETS_TO_BUILD="X86" \
    -DLLVM_ENABLE_PROJECTS="clang" \
    -DLLVM_INCLUDE_TESTS=OFF \
    -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release \
    ../llvm-project/llvm
  make -j install

Building HIPIFY
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: bash
  
  cd $ROOT_DIR

  git clone https://github.com/ROCm/HIPIFY.git
  
  cd build

  # To ensure LLVM is found, or in the case of multiple LLVM instances, 
  # specify the path to the root folder containing the LLVM distribution.
  cmake \
    -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=../dist \
    -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release \
    -DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=$ROOT_DIR/dist \
    ../hipify

  make -j install

.. note::

>   We also support the debug build type ``-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug``. Please build ``LLVM+Clang`` in ``debug`` mode to enable the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
  The debug build type is also supported by adding ``-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug``. Please build ``LLVM+Clang`` in ``debug`` mode to enable the same.
```

Reviewer: Seems like this note should be moved up under the LLVM build instructions, and the second sentence could be removed? Or changed to indicate it should also be used for HIPIFY?

Reviewer 2: The second. Smth. like "if LLVM is built in Debug mode, hipify-clang should also be built in Debug mode".

.. code-block:: bash
  
  set ROOT_DIR=%cd%

  mkdir build dist
  cd build

  cmake -G "Visual Studio 16 2019" -A x64 -Thost=x64 -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=../dist -DLLVM_TARGETS_TO_BUILD="" -DLLVM_ENABLE_PROJECTS="clang" -DLLVM_INCLUDE_TESTS=OFF -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release ../llvm-project/llvm

  # Run Visual Studio 16 2019, open the generated "LLVM.sln", build all, and build the "INSTALL" project.

Building HIPIFY
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: bash

  cd %ROOT_DIR%

  git clone https://github.com/ROCm/HIPIFY.git
  
  cd build

  # To ensure LLVM is found, or in the case of multiple LLVM instances, 
  # specify the path to the root folder containing the LLVM distribution.
  cmake -G "Visual Studio 17 2022" -A x64 -Thost=x64 -DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH="../dist" -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX="../dist" -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release ../hipify

  # Run Visual Studio 17 2022, open the generated LLVM.sln, build all, and build project "INSTALL".
  # Alternatively, you can build using "msbuild INSTALL.vcxproj /m" using the developer command prompt.

.. note::
  We also support the debug build type ``-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug``. Please build ``LLVM+Clang`` in ``debug`` mode to enable the same.

>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
  We also support the debug build type ``-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug``. Please build ``LLVM+Clang`` in ``debug`` mode to enable the same.
 
```
I would move this up under LVM as well.
